Update download-rate-limit.md (#2)
sarahsanders-docker/docs: content/manuals/docker-hub/download-rate-limit.md

limit](../subscription/scale.md) or [upgrade](../subscription/change.md) to get
a higher limit.

> We calculate storage based on each unique image layer (or “digest”) stored within a repository. Only unique layers contribute to your storage usage, which means if multiple images in a single repository share the same layer, you’re only billed once for that layer. However, if the same layer is used across different repositories, it will count separately in each one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker Hub calculates storage based on each unique image layer (or “digest”) stored within a repository. Only unique layers contribute to your storage usage, which means if multiple images in a single repository share the same layer, you’re only billed once for that layer. However, if the same layer is used across different repositories, it will count separately in each one.
```

> **Example:** If 10 different repositories use the same digest, you would be billed for the storage of that digest 10 times (once per repository). However, if you have 10 versions of an image within a single repository that uses the same digest, you would only pay for that digest once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if 10 different repositories use the same digest, you would be billed for the storage of that digest 10 times (once per repository). However, if you have 10 versions of an image within a single repository that uses the same digest, you would only pay for that digest once.
```
